{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset77 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Luke Wolbach 
\f1\b0 (Producer, Director, Camera, Editor)\
Luke is an award-winning filmmaker and editor residing in San Francisco. His first film, 
\f2\i Seeds of Tibet: Voices of Children in Exile
\f1\i0 , which he co-produced and co-directed, was a half hour documentary about the lives of young Tibetan refugees at a school in Northern India. It was broadcast by PBS affiliates throughout the country and was awarded an Earthwatch Award, a Cine Eagle Award and a documentary award at the Philadelphia International Film Festival. He has worked independently as an editor on projects that have broadcast on PBS, Bravo, and the National Geographic and Sundance channels. 
\f2\i Row Hard No Excuses
\f1\i0  is his first collaboration with his father, Bill Wolbach.\
\

\f0\b Bill Wolbach 
\f1\b0 (Executive Producer, Producer, Camera)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Row Hard No Excuses
\f1\i0  is Bill\'d5s first film. In the past he has worked as tech support and as a consultant for financial institutions. More recently he turned his hobby and passion for motorcycles into a job as a BMW motorcycle technician. Active in his community, he has served on the board of directors at Boston\'d5s South End Community Health Center for over twenty years. During his college years he rowed crew for Harvard and now gets his exercise in an ocean going single scull. It was through competitive paddling that he met Tom Mailhot and learned of the Atlantic Rowing Challenge. Though immediately drawn to the event, he decided to make this documentary rather than enter. }