{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset77 Times-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Synopsis:
\f1\i\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Row Hard No Excuses
\f2\i0  is an award-winning documentary that chronicles the voyage of the only American entry in a rowing race across the Atlantic Ocean. It is both an exciting sports-adventure story and an intimate portrait of the two-man crew that explores masculinity, midlife and ambition.\
At 51 and 41, John Zeigler and Tom Mailhot are among the oldest competitors to participate in the Atlantic Rowing Challenge, a three thousand mile race from the Canary Islands to Barbados. They spend three years and personal savings to make their dream of winning possible, but once on the water, they find the grueling crossing is easy to underestimate, and their quest offers one major obstacle after another. Drawing from their compelling video diary at sea, the film engages the audience in the emotional challenges and rewards of their arduous journey. With a camera on nearly every boat, a diverse chorus of other teams\'d1men and women, young and old\'d1adds context to a meditation on human endurance and perseverance in the most extreme conditions. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Directed by first time feature director Luke Wolbach, 
\f1\i Row Hard No Excuses
\f2\i0  is a labor-of-love collaboration between he and his father Bill Wolbach. 
\f1\i \'d2Row Hard No Excuses\'d3 
\f2\i0 is the slogan John and Tom wore on their t-shirts before the start of the race.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Background:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 Ocean rowing, as a sport, has only been around since the inaugural Atlantic Challenge race in 1997. Before then crossings were strictly Guinness Book of World Record affairs. In fact, fewer people have rowed across the Atlantic than have climbed Mount Everest. Race rules pit two-person teams against each other rowing unassisted with no food drops or navigational aid. The challenge is an enormous undertaking even before the start. Each team has to gain their own sponsorship, see to the building and outfitting of their boat (which arrives as a plywood kit) and leave their jobs and families for a couple of grueling months at sea. Rowers have to contend with sleep deprivation, seasickness, isolation, boredom and cramped living conditions. Most of the competitors row naked to avoid painful chafing. Even with a steep entry fee and no prize money, Tom and John\'d5s race drew thirty-six teams from fifteen nations including New Zealand, Australia, South Africa, China, and eight European countries.}