{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 John Zeigler
\f1\b0  (Rower)\
John was just a teenager when he first dreamed of rowing the Atlantic. Born and raised in New Jersey, he is the father of two girls. Every morning at 4:00 am, he and his brother, Danny, open the doors to their food wholesaling business, which he started with his father in the mid-1980s. A self-described fitness fanatic, John is a marathon canoe racer with rugged good looks and the upper body of a football player. His decision to pursue the race was the last straw that ended his marriage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Tom Mailhot 
\f1\b0 (Rower)\
Tom, a New England native, is an ex-minor league hockey player whose career was stopped short by an eye injury. He has since become an accomplished kayak adventurer. His tall physique, unkempt blond hair and bushy moustache give him the look of a modern day pirate. He has an intense gaze that masks a mischievous sense of humor. Tom was laid off from his job as a construction supervisor for putting too much energy into building the boat and ended up deeply in debt as a result of the race. \
\

\f0\b Tori Murden 
\f1\b0 (Tom and John\'d5s coach)\
Tori is the first woman to row solo across the Atlantic and Tom and John\'d5s unofficial advisor. Her successful crossing came after two failed attempts, one that was cut short by hurricane Danielle, which nearly killed her. She has written a thesis on the theology of adventure and her spiritual outlook introduces a different perspective on the race.}