{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'d2Like all good sports docs, the film goes from micro to macro on a dime,\
ultimately achieving an exhausted beauty.\'d3\
Ty Burr, Boston Globe\
\
\'d2Compelling\'c9 more deeply revealing \
than the triumph-over-adversity saga one expects.\'d3\
Dennis Harvey, Variety\
\
\'d2The ordeal is captured in all its gory glory...\
a terrific personal epic of endurance and wit.\'d3\
Roger Moore, Orlando Sentinel\
\
\'d2Raw with emotions... nothing less than fascinating.\'d3\
Adia Waldburger, Park City Record\
\
\'d2This film is a triumph... it is a testimony to the vast loneliness of the ocean \
and the mental fortitude it takes to cross it.\'d3\
Bob Whitby, Orlando Weekly\
\
\'d2An engrossing, tautly edited documentary.\'d3\
Joshua Katzman, Chicago Reader\
\
\'d2A meditation on the outer limits of human endurance, the commitments we make to our friends and to ourselves, and what it means to be a winner\'c9 It is also imbued with a good deal of humor and beauty\'c9 a remarkable film.\'d3\
Michael Read, Release Print (San Francisco)\
\
\'d2A great benchmark for the genre\'c9 it\'d5s impossible not to be swept away\'c9 This is the one you shouldn\'d5t miss if it comes on TV or DVD. See now. No Excuses.\'d3\
Gina Carbone, Portsmouth Herald (New Hampshire)\
\
\'d2The film is a mix of all the classic narratives: man versus himself, man versus God, and man versus another man (in this case, his teammate). Friendships are destroyed, marriages are tested, and innumerable blisters are popped throughout the voyage, which is as psychologically challenging as it is physically brutal.\'d2\
Christian Schaeffer, The Pitch (Kansas City)\
\
\'d2Similar in some ways to Touching the Void (2003), Row Hard is especially effective in illustrating how extreme physical conditions can lay bare a person's true self.\'d3\
Cheryl Eddy, San Francisco Bay Guardian\
\
\'d2The film\'d5s measured pace works\'c9 Row Hard delivers more than a chronicle of a tortuous competition\'d1it explores the protagonists\'d5 near-fanatical quest for \'d4success\'d5, and the hunger of a son for his father\'d5s recognition.\'d3\
Laura Lewis-Barr, Screen Magazine (Chicago)\
\
\'d2Provides thought-provoking moments carried and remembered by the viewer\
 long after the final frame has ended.\'d3\
Scott Neil, Royal Gazette (Bermuda)\
\
\'d2It gets at the heart of what it means to be human and why sports, or journeys, \
are an essential part of human existence.\'d3 \
Sam Petri, Planet Jackson Hole\
\
\'d2Row Hard is, simply put, fascinating\'c9 Keep an eye out for this one\'c9 \
because it really deserves an audience.\'d3\
John Serba, Grand Rapid Press\
\
"Unlike Ernest Hemingway's 'Old Man and the Sea' or Yann Martel's 'The Life of Pi,' this \
event really happened. But truth always has been stranger than fiction." \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Martha\'d5s Vineyard Times}